Incubation Proposal (#9506)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/proposal.md

# Meshery Proposal for CNCF Incubation

## About Meshery

> [Meshery](https://meshery.io/) is a cloud native management plane designed to facilitate the management, configuration, and performance testing of cloud native in cloud-native environments. 

Reviewer: 1. I see word `cloud native` 3 times in single sentence. Please see if we can modify sentence a bit.
2. Please use either  `cloud native` or `cloud-native`. Seems like `cloud native` is common in CNCF space

Reviewer 2: good call, @vishwasrao 👍

> [Meshery](https://meshery.io/) is a cloud native management plane designed to facilitate the management, configuration, and performance testing of cloud native in cloud-native environments. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Meshery](https://meshery.io/) is a self-service engineering platform, designed to manage the complete lifecycle of modern infrastructure.
```

* Addressed and resolved 3,000 [issues](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aissue+created%3A%3E%3D2021-06-21+org%3Ameshery+), ensuring ongoing project improvement.
* Participated heavily in mentoring initiatives and is the #1 most popular LFX internship.

### Neutrality

Meshery, committed to maintaining vendor neutrality, ensuring a diverse collection of maintainers representing 10 different organizations. As an extensible platform, Meshery goes to great lengths to support third-party plugins, elevating them within its ecosystem of integrations. Meshery places emphasis on fostering an open and inclusive community of contributors, maintainers, and integrators. 

## Incubation stage requirements

### Used successfully in production by at least three independent direct adopters

Meshery's non-exhaustive, public list of [adaptors](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/ADOPTERS.md) is available for reference. With thousands of users already leveraging its features, Meshery has proven its production-readiness and garnered positive feedback from adopters and the broader community.

### Have a healthy number of committers

> Meshery boasts a diverse and active community of maintainers, with [15 maintainers](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md) overseeing the ~30 repositories included in the `meshery` GitHub organization.  and [extension modules](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/main/EXTENSIONS.md). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Meshery boasts a diverse and active community of maintainers, with [15 maintainers](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md) overseeing the ~30 repositories included in the `meshery` GitHub organization.  and [extension modules](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/main/EXTENSIONS.md). 
```
And the link https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/main/EXTENSIONS.md can't be opened either.

Reviewer 4: @gyohuangxin, if you don't mind doing so, will you make this same update on the PR in the CNCF repo? https://github.com/cncf/toc/pull/1264

Reviewer 3: @hamza-mohd Done! https://github.com/cncf/toc/pull/1264#discussion_r1565044200

### Clear versioning scheme

Meshery follows a clear and [well-documented](https://docs.meshery.io/project/contributing/build-and-release) build and release process. All components adhere to the principles of [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). The project releases page documents [Meshery Server, UI, and CLI releases](https://docs.meshery.io/project/releases) with Meshery Adapters, Meshery Operator and custom controllers, centralized API schemas, and so on all releasing independently. See each repo for a release history.

### Clearly documented security processes explaining how to report security issues to the project, and describing how the project provides updated releases or patches to resolve security vulnerabilities

> Meshery's [security reporting process](https://docs.meshery.io/project/security-vulnerabilities) is well-documented and has [previous and current CVEs](https://docs.meshery.io/project/security-vulnerabilities) published along with the reporting process and expectation setting of how reports are handled. This process is followed successfully with GitHub engineers being the most recent to report vulneraabilities and a Meshery maintainer (from Intel) to provide patches. Mainatiners strive to acknowledge reports within 24 hours of being received and offer an analysis and plan for a full response withing 10 days.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Meshery's [security reporting process](https://docs.meshery.io/project/security-vulnerabilities) is well-documented and has [previous and current CVEs](https://docs.meshery.io/project/security-vulnerabilities) published along with the reporting process and expectation setting of how reports are handled. This process is followed successfully with GitHub engineers being the most recent to report vulnerabilities and a Meshery maintainer (from Intel) to provide patches. Maintainers strive to acknowledge reports within 24 hours of being received and offer an analysis and plan for a full response within 10 days.
```
